Add paragraph about needing privileges to create and drop indexes and constraints (#1156)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/indexes-for-search-performance/index.asciidoc

The index name must be unique among both indexes and constraints.

The command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an error if you attempt to create the same index twice.
With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens should an index with the same name, schema or both already exist.

> It may still throw an error should a conflicting constraint exist.

Reviewer: Same as above, we could exemplify what `conflicting` means.

> It may still throw an error if conflicting data or constraints exist.

Author: ```suggestion
It may still throw an error if conflicting data or constraints exists.
```

Reviewer 2: constraints = plural -> exist, without the s.

The command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an error if you attempt to create the same index twice.

> With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens should an index with the same name, schema or both already exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens if an index with the same name, schema or both already exist.
```

Author: ```suggestion
With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens if an index with the same name, schema or both already exists.
```
to be consistent with the change on constraints (or the constraint one needs updating)

Reviewer 2: Yes, you're right, it should be _exists_ as it refers to a single entity.

> It may still throw an error should there exist conflicting data or constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It may still throw an error if conflicting data or constraints exist.
```

[NOTE]
The `IF [NOT] EXISTS` syntax for indexes is only available in Neo4j 4.1.3 and onwards.

Creating an index requires <<administration-security-administration-database-indexes, the `CREATE INDEX` privilege>>,

> while dropping an index require <<administration-security-administration-database-indexes, the `DROP INDEX` privilege>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while dropping an index requires <<administration-security-administration-database-indexes, the `DROP INDEX` privilege>>.
```
